[INTERNAL] Configuration.md: Reintroduce Minification section (#820)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/Configuration.md

This configuration can be overwritten more precisely with the CLI parameters `--include-dependency`, `--include-dependency-regexp`, `--include-dependency-tree`, `--exclude-dependency`, `--exclude-dependency-regexp` and `--exclude-dependency-tree`.

### Minification

> For projects of type `application` and `library` the minification is done for all JavaScript files. While the minification step debug-variants are created, original resources are minified and source maps are created. You can exclude the resources of a project from the minification step using a list of glob patterns. Matching resources won't be minified, no debug variants and no source maps are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects of types `application` and `library`, minification is done for all JavaScript files. During the minification step debug variants are created, original resources are minified, and source maps are created. You can exclude the resources of a project from minification using a list of glob patterns. Matching resources won't be minified, and no debug variants or source maps will be created.
```

!!! info
    This configuration is available since UI5 CLI [`v2.14.0`](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-cli/releases/tag/v2.14.0)
    and applies only to projects defining [Specification Version](#specification-versions)
    2.6 or higher.

> 

Reviewer: The project's `yaml` file can contain a list of modules declared as glob patterns (resource name patterns) that are excluded from resource minification. Re-includes have to be marked with a leading exclamation mark `!`; see the example below. The order of filters is relevant; a later inclusion overrides an earlier exclusion, and vice versa.

Author: done

!!! example
    ```yaml
    builder:
      minification:
        excludes:
          - "my/lib/thirdparty/"
          - "!my/lib/thirdparty/NotExcluded.js"
    ```

> List of modules declared as glob patterns (resource name patterns) that are excluded from resource minification. Re-includes have to be marked with a leading exclamation mark `!`. The order of filters is relevant; a later inclusion overrides an earlier exclusion, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
